Update procedure CIP (#484)
opencypher/openCypher: cip/1.accepted/CIP2015-06-24-call-procedures.adoc

Procedures may be called standalone either using explicitly passed arguments or using implicitly passed arguments constructed from statement parameters.

The `YIELD` subclause may be omitted in the standalone form of `CALL`. 
In this case all result fields produced by the procedure implementation are returned by the statement.

> For procedure that does not return any result fields, the query will return as many (empty) rows as produced by the called procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a procedure that does not return any result fields, the query will return as many (empty) rows as produced by the called procedure.
```

> Another subclause allowed in the standalone form is `YIELD *`, which denotes that all result fields produced by the procedure implementation are returned by the statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A special argument `*` (star) may be given to the `YIELD` subclause in the standalone form.
This denotes that all result fields produced by the procedure implementation are returned by the statement.
```

> For procedure that does not return any result fields, the query will return as many (empty) rows as produced by the called procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a procedure that does not return any result fields, the query will return as many (empty) rows as produced by the called procedure.
```

> The `YIELD *` form is _only_ allowed in the standalone form of `CALL`.

Reviewer 2: This might be redundant

===== Calling with implicitly passed arguments (parameters) and with `YIELD *`

Both simplifications may be used in a single standalone procedure call, leading to a concise syntax for just executing a single procedure call:

.Standalone procedure call with `YIELD *`
[source, cypher]
----
CALL myProc YIELD *
----

===== Calling with implicitly passed arguments (parameters) and omitting `YIELD`

> As a further simplification, the `YIELD` subcluase can be omitted alltogether from a standalone procedure call, leading to an even more concise syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a further simplification, the `YIELD` subclause can be omitted altogether in a standalone procedure call, leading to an even more concise syntax:
```

.Standalone procedure call with omitted `YIELD` and implicitly passed arguments
[source, cypher]
----
CALL myProc
----

> ==== Standalone call with omitted `YIELD` clause

Reviewer 2: This and the section on line 207 feels a bit repetitive, especially directly after each other

Reviewer 2: This section should be part of standalone call section? Not on the same level?
